Requirements:
The mesh needs to have at least two vertex groups for the panel and menu
item to show.

1. Select the mesh in object mode. There is no need to enter weight
   painting mode.
2. From the side panel in the 3D view choose the tool tab.
3. Open the folder "Smooth Weights"
4. Press "Brush".

   or

   From the 3D view main menu choose Object > Smooth Weights.

   or

   From the 3D view Weight Paint menu choose Weights > Smooth Weights.

5. All settings can either be adjusted from the side panel before
   entering the tool or via keymaps while the tool is active.
6. LMB paint over the mesh to smooth the weights.
7. Press Enter to finish the tool or Esc/RMB to cancel.

The default keymaps are:

B: Brush size
   Hold B while dragging the cursor left/right to adjust the size.
   Hold Shift for faster adjustment and Ctrl for slower.
   Make sure to hover over the mesh.
S: Brush strength
   Hold S while dragging the cursor left/right to adjust the strength.
   Hold Shift for faster adjustment and Ctrl for slower.
   Make sure to hover over the mesh.
1/2/3/4: Brush Curve Falloff (None, Linear, Smooth, Narrow)
Q: Use Selection
A: Affect Selected
X: Ignore Backside
L: Ignore Lock
I: Use Islands
N: Normalize
O: Oversampling
   Hold O while pressing + or - to increase or decrease the oversampling
   value.
V: Volume (off for surface smoothing)
R: Volume Range
   Hold R while dragging the cursor left/right to adjust the range.
   Hold Shift for faster adjustment and Ctrl for slower.
   Make sure to hover over the mesh.
G: Groups
   Hold G while pressing + or - to increase or decrease the number of
   vertex groups. Zero ignores any group limit.
T: Use Symmetry
F: Flood Smooth
Shift + RMB: Frame Change
   Change the current frame by dragging the mouse left or right.
W: Toggle Select mode.
E: Toggle Deselect mode.
C: Clear Selection

All keymaps, except the frame change, are customizable from the add-on
preferences.

While the tool is active the last brush stroke can be undone by pressing
the default key for undo, without any modifiers.
